chore: publish temporary version of inquirer (#1)
salesforcecli/Inquirer.js: README.md

# Inquirer.js

> Salesforce fork of [SBoudrias/Inquirer.js](https://github.com/SBoudrias/Inquirer.js)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Salesforce fork of [SBoudrias/Inquirer.js](https://github.com/SBoudrias/Inquirer.js).
```

> Please post any issues related to this fork to [salesforcecli/cli](https://github.com/salesforcecli/cli/issues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Post any issues related to this fork to [salesforcecli/cli](https://github.com/salesforcecli/cli/issues).
```

> This module is temporary and may be removed at anytime. Please **DO NOT** use this module as direct dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module is temporary and may be removed at any time. **DO NOT** use this module as a direct dependency.
```
